[DOCS-1659][DOCS-1661] Document full-screen panel navigation enhancements (#1468)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/models/app/features/panels/media.md

To customize the default settings for all media panels in a section, overriding workspace settings for media panels:
1. Click the section's gear icon to open its settings.
1. Click **Media settings**.
1. Within the drawer that appears, click the **Display**, **Layout**, or **Sync** tab to configure the default media settings for the section. You can configure settings for images, videos, audio, and 3d objects. The settings that appear depend on the section's current media panels.

>     With the exception of the **Sync** tab, refer to [Configure a media panel]({{< relref "#configure-a-media-panel" >}}) for details about a setting. The **Sync** tab is available only at the section or workspace level, not for individual media panels.

Reviewer: Let's simplify this sentence for readability. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
Refer to [Configure a media panel]({{< relref "#configure-a-media-panel" >}}) for details about a specific setting for **Display** or **Layout** media setting. The **Sync** tab is available only at the section or workspace level, not for individual media panels.
```

>     When **Step slider syncing** is turned on, the section's media panels with the same step slider are kept in sync. To turn on step slider syncing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When **Step slider syncing** is turned on, the section's media panels with the same step slider are kept in sync. To turn on step slider syncing:
```

    1. Click the **Sync** tab.
    1. Turn on **Sync slider by key (Step)**.

### All media panels in a workspace 
To customize the default settings for all media panels in a workspace:
1. Click the workspace's settings, which has a gear with the label **Settings**.
1. Click **Media settings**.
1. Within the drawer that appears, click the **Display** or **Layout** tab to configure the default media settings for the workspace. You can configure settings for images, videos, audio, and 3d objects. The settings that appear depend on the workspace's current media panels.

>     With the exception of the **Sync** tab, refer to [Configure a media panel]({{< relref "#configure-a-media-panel" >}}) for details about a setting. The **Sync** tab is available only at the section or workspace level, not for individual media panels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the exception of the **Sync** tab, refer to [Configure a media panel]({{< relref "#configure-a-media-panel" >}}) for details about a setting. The **Sync** tab is available only at the section or workspace level, not for individual media panels.
```

>     When **Step slider syncing** is turned on, the section's media panels with the same step slider are kept in sync. To turn on step slider syncing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When **Step slider syncing** is turned on, the section's media panels with the same step slider are kept in sync. To turn on step slider syncing:
```

>     When **Step slider syncing** is turned on, the section's media panels with the same step slider are kept in sync. To turn on step slider syncing:

Reviewer: Should this not be indented within step 3?

    1. Click the **Sync** tab.

>     1. Turn on **Sync slider by key (Step)**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Sync** tab.
1. Turn on **Sync slider by key (Step)**.
```
